friends here.
We're going to discuss about functions with the keyword based arguments.
What is it for?
To get clarity on this.
First,
let me define one simple function.
So I'm taking a script name called Functions.
With the cured based arguments.
Right now,
let me define simply a function,
any function.
Let me take display.
You come a big then here I'm displaying.
Only you have a look.
After that,
you closed toe.
Just simply I want this play value.
That's it.
I'm not displaying.
Be why you will come to know Because I need to see the order try.
I'm lending only a variable value.
Now I'm calling this display.
Bypassing three comma four.
Yes,
it will.
Work ever leaves three you're getting.
But if I call the same function with four comma three now you're getting your value us for
No.
My intention is even though if we change the this positions right,
I want to get your value as three.
Only I should not get a values for No.
In that case,
we have a simple option.
That is nothing.
Is there first?
Abdul,
your defined function display a comma Be Is there no year?
Yeah,
and we are called positional arguments right now by using these variables.
Now what I'm doing is same variables,
only hard to take.
Yeah,
cost three.
I'm taking on because before I'm taking now,
see the result.
Not only like that,
you can also defend first to be close to four and then you cost three.
I even life we change order.
Why you calling your function?
If we change the order of your arguments,
usually you're getting us three only.
Right?
So nothing is there.
Apparently were mentioning.
Actually,
you know what number?
If I call in this way,
what will happen three will be assigned to year for will be assigned to be but ourselves in
giraffe fight on.
We are only assigning a Khowst three and because to four this year and be must be from here
.
Whatever you are taking arguments in your defined function saying variables you have to
take you not no,
we only mentioning be take before any a Khowst three.
Now we are not mapping.
Your pattern is not mapping directly.
We itself like our signing because 2 400 year Costa three.
That's it.
There is also one of the way to pass your arguments to your called function from your
calling place.
Right.
So this is not that much important while working with your scripts.
But if it required,
we will use it.
But it is important for your injury purpose how we can pass arguments to your call function
based on keywords.
This is the simple way you can explain.
Okay.
Okay,
guys,
thank you for watching this video.